README.md, before:

<!-- README.md -->

Chatinator
================================================================================

Intro

## Contents

- [Section](#section)
- [Team](#team)
- [License](#license)
- [Connect](#connect)

## Section

Stuff

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Team

[The humans responsible and technology colophon](https://github.com/AESM/Chatinator/blob/master/humans.txt).

- **Ali Esmaili** _(Developer & Designer)_: [AESM](https://github.com/AESM)

## License

This [project](#chatinator) is copyright © 2013-2017 Ali Esmaili | SuitAndCape.  It is free software that may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AESM/Chatinator/blob/master/LICENSE).

This is based on [The MIT License (MIT)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).  For more information, visit the [Open Source Initiative](http://opensource.org/) website.

## Connect

|               :tophat:               |               :rocket:               |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
**_SuitAndCape GitHub_** | https://github.com/SuitAndCape
**_Personal GitHub_**    | https://github.com/AESM
**_Website_**            | http://SuitAndCape.github.io/
**_LinkedIn_**           | https://www.linkedin.com/in/SuitAndCape
**_Twitter_**            | https://twitter.com/SuitAndCape

Commit message:

feat(app): Working alpha of Chatitron

README.md, after:

<!-- README.md -->

Chatinator
================================================================================

Very first attempt at a chatbot.

## Contents

- [Notes](#notes)
- [Team](#team)
- [License](#license)
- [Connect](#connect)

## Notes

1. Check and see if the [server is running](https://murmuring-beyond-22638.herokuapp.com/) before attempting to use the chatbot
2. Sign-in to [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/)
3. Go to the [Chatitron page](https://www.facebook.com/Chatitron-1403635036313204) on Facebook
4. Click the Message button and start chatting

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Team

[The humans responsible and technology colophon](https://github.com/AESM/Chatinator/blob/master/humans.txt).

- **Ali Esmaili** _(Developer & Designer)_: [AESM](https://github.com/AESM)

## License

This [project](#chatinator) is copyright © 2013-2017 Ali Esmaili | SuitAndCape.  It is free software that may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AESM/Chatinator/blob/master/LICENSE).

This is based on [The MIT License (MIT)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).  For more information, visit the [Open Source Initiative](http://opensource.org/) website.

## Connect

|               :tophat:               |               :rocket:               |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
**_SuitAndCape GitHub_** | https://github.com/SuitAndCape
**_Personal GitHub_**    | https://github.com/AESM
**_Website_**            | http://SuitAndCape.github.io/
**_LinkedIn_**           | https://www.linkedin.com/in/SuitAndCape
**_Twitter_**            | https://twitter.com/SuitAndCape
